<div class="description user_content enhanced" data-resource-type="assignment.body" data-resource-id="1746385"><p>Do this assignment using C.</p>
<p>A linked list consists of zero or more nodes, which each contain one item of data and a link (in Java, it would be a reference; in C it is a pointer) to the next node, if there is one.&nbsp; In C, we will use a struct for the node.</p>
<p>Linked List code is usually generic, but for this assignment, you will write a simplified version of linked list that only can be used to create and use a list of ints and that has only a few of the functions typical of linked lists.&nbsp; The data element can be just an int, and the data type of the link to the next node can be just a pointer to a Node.</p>
<p>You will need a pointer to the first node, as well as one to the last node. Note that these are pointers to nodes, not to ints.</p>
<p>Write a function that takes an int and a pointer to the last node, creates a node with that int as its data value, and adds the node to the end of the list.&nbsp; This function will need to update the (possibly null) pointer to the last node.&nbsp; If the new node is the first one, it will also need to update the pointer to the first node.&nbsp; Think about how to add the new node after the former last node, and remember that the next reference for the last node in the list should be null.</p>
<p>Write another function that traverses the list, starting with the first node and following the links until it reaches the last node, and prints out the int data value for each node.</p>
<p>Write another function/method that takes an int parameter and determines whether that int is contained in the list.</p>
<p>Write a main() to demonstrate that your list code works correctly.&nbsp; Create a list, add some nodes, search the list for a value that is *not* in the list, then for a value that *is* in the list.&nbsp; Also create a list with no nodes and search it for some value.</p>
<p>Turn in your code and either a screenshot or copy-paste of the output from running your main().</p></div>
